[Music]
Weedle is the weakest Pokemon that
theoretically could beat gen one in a
Solo challenge in practice however you'd
have better chances of getting struck by
lightning having a meteor fall on your
head and winning the lottery all at the
same time then you would actually have
of beating the entire game with this
Pokemon in an itemless solo Challenge
and the reason is pretty simple on top
of the fact that it bug and poison are
terrible typings in gen one this Pokemon
has has only 175 base stat total and it
only knows one attacking move poison
sting which is a 15 base power move so
of course Weedle is practically
impossible to beat the game with but
that begs a question what if we just
gave this Pokemon better stats well to
test it out I decided to give it the
best possible stats a massive
255 base in every single stat leading to
a whopping 1,275
base stat total now to put that in
perspective Mewtwo the most overpowered
Pokemon in Generation 1 has a base stat
total of 590 so we have more than double
the base stat total of the best Pokémon
in the game add on to that that this
Pokemon's effectively going to have a
50% critical hit chance this Pokemon
could be completely broken but will it
work out in practice well this is the
latest in a series of runs I've done
over the past couple years where we're
comparing how stats stack up to move
sets and up to this point move sets have
always trumped stats a weak Pokémon with
a overpowered moves will absolutely
Crush the game faster than a strong
Pokemon with weak moves but this might
be the situation where everything flips
on its head last week we beat the entire
game with a zero base stat total Mewtwo
but it took level 92 to get it done and
we were still using some of the most
broken mechanics in Generation 1 this
Pokemon on the other hand might be able
to Crush the game entirely just based on
the fact that its stats are so
incredibly good but will this actually
work out let's test it and find out now
in order to ensure an Apples to Apples
comparison I'm going to be running on
zero DVS that way only base stats are
making an impact on this of course if we
added on 15 DVS to this Pokemon it stats
would be even a higher but I think 255
base is enough for us to test just how
good a Weedle would act be so Professor
Oak's going to get this amazing little
Weedle outside of Pallet Town and he's
immediately going to use it in an
experiment he's going to see if we can
completely destroy his jerk of a
grandson by simply using this
overpowered Pokémon today we will be
running with the legend that is godal
42069 the most overpowered Pokémon in
the game now our zero devs don't come in
until we level up but the first thing
that you'll see is that our speed is 30
and that is actually the lowest a stat
can ever be on a 255 base stat Pokémon
the calculation is 255 * 2times our
level so in this case 255 * 2 would be
510 times our level 5 would be
2,550 then you divide that whole value
by 100 which the game always rounds down
so it becomes 25 then you simply add
five for any non-hp step resulting in a
value of at least 30 and for HP you add
10 plus your level so effectively 15
onto that now because we seem to have
slightly higher DVS at this point we're
getting 41 HP rather than 40 and we're
getting 31 in our other stats rather
than 30 but once we level up everything
will balance out so with that let's get
into this first fight against our rival
and see how we do so here gets the
rivals Eevee I'm going to use poison
sting and a critical hit still does less
than half damage we only did eight
damage to the Eevee in spite of our
amazing stats because poison sting is
such a weak move now we did Poison this
Pokemon it's still going to end up being
like a three or four hit ko. we get the
three hitter thanks to the crits and we
do manage to level up now we can see all
of our stats have recalculated correctly
we have 35 in every stat except for our
HP which is 46 with that we're ready to
make our way through the game now I've
done just very limited testing with this
Pokémon I just went through the Brock
section because I wanted to see how it
would actually work out the whole issue
with Brock for a Weedle is that he's
four times resistant to poison sting so
that means that he's basically
impossible for a normal Weedle in fact
the damage calculation rounds so that
without a critical hit a normal Weedle
can't even damage his Geodude or his
Onyx in this case though we are going to
be able to do some damage so let's get
straight into that battle and see how it
actually
[Music]
goes so in our first attempt against
Brock on minimum battles we're going to
see that poison Sting with a critical
hit still does one damage that is
because it is four times resisted
there's simply no way for us to get more
damage than that and we can see he's
doing three damage per hit against our
Weedle so the way that it works out here
at level six is that we are always going
to basically get knocked out by the
Geodude we could get really god tier
luck where we get tons of poisons on
this Pokemon and then slowly Whittle him
down just to run out of pp on the Onyx
but basically this fight is impossible
even with the best possible stats on a
Weedle you're not going to beat Brock on
minimum battles so that's a little bit
disappointing but let's get back into
veran Forest because I I have found a
strategy that does work the first thing
that we're going to have to do is fight
all of these bug catchers in vidiian
Forest they're not hard at all because
poison is super effective here and we
have amazing stats so they don't really
do any damage to us and with the three
bug catchers easily dispatched in
vidiian Forest I'm now going to go back
to Brock's gym to take on the
Lightyear's Junior trainer now normally
this would be another trainer who
resists poison sting so it would be
basically impossible for a Weedle but
here I think we can manage to get it to
go we are actually faster than a Pokémon
like Diglett and we can see this is like
a 4 hit K.O to get through that Pokémon
we get to level 10 and now the sandrew
yet again it's pretty defensively bulky
but we're going to be able to get
through just because of our amazing
stats and just like that we have managed
to win that fight and I'm going to go
ahead and just heal with a single potion
now there was one step that I forgot
which is simply to use up all of my
String Shot PP on a Metapod I could have
done it on one of the bug catchers I
just forgot so I'm going to use up all
of my PP on this random Metapod and then
I'm just going to run away from this
Pokémon and with all of that PP used up
I'm simply going to run back to the gym
now being sure not to heal in the
Pokemon Center so now let's try Brock
round two at level 10 and see how he
goes so here I'm coming into this fight
with only 16 PP in Poison sting but I'm
simply going to hold Auto a and just use
the poison sting over and over again on
this Geodude we can see it's only doing
two damage per hit against us now so we
will actually get through this Geodude
every single time but even better yet
after using up all the poison things we
can struggle and easily knock that
Pokemon out we get to level 11 and here
struggle is doing six damage to this
Onyx so this is a seven hit K and sure
he can buy that's actually kind of the
worst thing that he could do but even
then it's not enough and by coming in at
level 10 to this fight we can actually
win we gained two levels we got to level
12 in only 9 minutes and 50 seconds we
were able to beat Brock that includes
time for me to sit here and explain
things so really not a bad time we had
one reset due to that first attempt
against Brock and we took four optional
battles but we've beaten him in record
time with a Weedle and it's time to move
on in the game and so now the best
strategy for this Pokemon I think is
simply to buy a lot of potions and run
through the game just healing with
potions and using struggle for a massive
amount of time because we have so much
HP now one change that I did make to
this ROM was that I changed any trainer
that has a Weedle to instead have a
Caterpie that's just so that we don't
get stuck in some sort of ridiculously
long fight against an enemy Weedle but
we can see we're easily going to win
these fights either way because I mean
we would be using struggle and their
Weedle wouldn't So eventually we would
simply get it to go but here since
struggle is effectively a 50 base power
move it's more than double the power of
poison sting so a lot of these fights
we're simply going to get easy one hit
Kos on our opponents so I'm just going
to go with my standard minimum battles
routing here and now you might be asking
why didn't you go in on minimum battles
with only struggle and the reason is
because of the fact that number one we
wouldn't have had enough HP after we got
through that Geodude and number two we
wouldn't have been able to survive long
enough to use up all of our poison sting
without fighting some like wild Pokémon
so it just wouldn't have made sense here
however we are going to to easily
survive and be able to get through all
these fights in very very easy time so
let's get straight to the super nerd at
the end of Mount Moon and just see what
the ranges end up looking like against
him now I will run around and pick up
random items simply so that I can sell
them for money because we're just going
to want to keep having lots and lots of
potions in our bag basically until we
get to something like a ghost but of
course without thinking I did heal
coming into Mount moon it's kind of a
force of habit so here we'll take on the
super nerd with poison sting and we can
see that this move is looking like maybe
a five or six hit ko. on the grimer he
disables String Shot but that's not
really an issue here we're going to get
a two hit range on the volt orb and now
at level 15 against the coughing we're
simply going to spam our poison sting
this might be a seven hit ko. but it
does no damage to us so we easily get
through with that we can get Lord Dome
and it's time to move on to Jesse and
James so here against Jesse and james'
ekins we actually like getting Lear cuz
that gives us a badge boost and attack
so we're just going to get a little
stronger and it's still not going to do
much damage to us growl on the other
hand is kind of bad but we're still
going to do more than enough damage here
to this coughing it's just going to be
tedious but we're going to win this
fight every single time so outside of
Brock to this point there really hasn't
been an issue but we now have to take on
Rival number two who's going to have a
Spearow that has a super effective Peck
peek might be strong enough to actually
do damage against this Pokémon let's
find out now of course at this point I
have not tested this section so I'm just
in Uncharted water but I think we're
going to be able to get through this
fight pretty easily let's find out so
rival 2 attempt number one poison sting
does over half with a critical hit to
the spearo and it's a two hit KO out
next is the sandrew we are doing pretty
decent damage here we get the poison
even though he does start sand attacking
us definitely not what we wanted to see
and after two attacks we seem to not hit
anything but we do manage to knock that
Pokemon out out next is the ratat we
nearly one- shot it with a poison sting
and now the eveve gets poisoned and this
looks to be a three hit ko. once we can
actually land the hits and just like
that rival 2 goes down to a level 17
Weedle now I don't even need to say that
a normal Weedle would have no shot there
no shot whatsoever with 175 base stats
this Weedle on the other hand is
completely broken in fact it's so broken
I think instead of fighting all the
randos up North I'm going to come and
try to fight Misty at least one time
let's just see how she
[Music]
goes so Misty attempt number one poison
sting did over half to the Staryu and
then we knock it out in the next hit out
comes the star me we did not quite as
much damage here and it raises its
defense kind of bad but a critical hit
does cut through that defense and it
gets poisoned and even after the X
defend we simply knock her out get to
level 19 and Misty goes down in 16
minutes and 24 seconds to a Weedle that
is ridiculous that does not happen
especially because we're four battles
over minimum battles with this one like
really really not that bad and we're
just kind of cruising at this point in
fact the biggest challenge of this run I
think is going to be to not accidentally
evolve into a Kakuna since Kakuna is not
going to have these stats I only changed
the stats on Weedle so uh Kakuna would
get completely wrecked here but with
that let's make our way up North across
the Nugget bridge I don't expect any
challenge here I'll comment if something
is interesting but otherwise let's skip
straight ahead to rival number three now
I guess the one interesting thing is
that at level 20 21 we already have
higher stats than a zero base stats
Pokémon could ever ever achieve at level
100 and because we're close to minimum
battles we don't have much stat
experience so most of the stats that we
have is simply due to our massive base
stat total and that tells us just how
big of an impact these base stats have
on a run in fact my stats are so high at
this point that rather than going back
to heal at the Pokemon Center I've
decided to just try to use up all of my
String Shot PP against this random
neoran male it's using Lear on me so I
actually have lower defense but it's
still not doing that much damage still
in the end it was a mistake cuz I ended
up knocking myself out so I suppose I do
have to be a little more careful about
my strategy choices but we do in fact
end up getting a run where we do use up
a lot of our PP there so I'm just going
to go through the rest of these trainers
with struggle and as we just simply
one-hot all of Oddish lass's Pokemon we
can get to Billy boy's house where we're
going to come in and show him God 42069
and he's going to say that is the
coolest Pokemon I've ever seen I want to
Bine with that one this time now
unfortunately he's going to be bummed
out because uh we have to go make some
progress in this run but we'll promise
him that we'll come back at the very end
so that he can combine with this Weedle
so now coming into the Rival 3 fight
we're at level 23 and we can see that we
already have
125 in all of our stats plus we have 153
HP I'm not even going to heal all the
way let's just get straight into this so
the power of our struggle cannot be
overstated cuz we just one- shot the
spearo out comes rata it's another one
hit k. here against the sandrew it's
going to be a two-hitter but we easily
get through that and now at level 24
Eevee is almost a one- hit k. but we get
the two-hitter and easily win so outside
of a couple resets for my own
Shenanigans we had no trouble in that
entire section and we're ready to go
take on Lieutenant surge where I'm just
going to stick with the struggle strats
I don't think we're going to have any
issue with them in fact the biggest
thing here is just going to be digging
through the trash because uh Lieutenant
Serge was clearly a garbage man in a
past life but here we're simply going to
recover some HP with a bunch of potions
and then let's get into this
[Music]
fight so first things first we can see
that we massively outspeed this Raichu
struggle with a critical hit nearly gets
one hitter he Mega kicks it meant
nothing to us and we easily destroy him
on the next turn so 28 minutes 46
seconds to get through Lieutenant Serge
I'm not even trying to play Fast guys
like the real measure of this Pokemon is
that we still have not added on any
additional battles we still have three
resets and if I had not wasted a ton of
time just trying to beat that random
trainer by using up all my PP we would
have gotten through this even faster so
this Weedle is way too too good but in
the next section we do have to see how
we'll do against The Rock Tunnel hiker
we're not going to do a ton of damage to
his Pokemon since they resist struggle
and when an opponent hits you with the
move self-destruct it actually lowers
your defense in the calculation still
even with self-destruct cutting our
defense in half it might not be enough
to actually pose any threat outside of
the fact that we're also using struggles
so we're not going to be at full health
at that point but we'll just have to see
when we get there first things first we
got to take on the wrapping glass and
she is not ready for God
42069 coming in here and just
one-shotting her Pokemon with these epic
struggles now the other thing that is
causing a Time loss though is the fact
that it takes so long to heal with
potions just because we have such a
massive HP stat still I'll take it in
order to keep using struggle in this
section and everything up to this point
in the Rock Tunnel has just been
basically a two hit k. at worst but now
it's time to take on the Rock Tunnel
hiker and I actually want to reset so I
properly heal on this one we do have a
Max potion in the bag I'll just go ahead
and use it let's see how we actually do
against his rock types so first things
first struggle with a critical hit did
over half but in general this is going
to be probably a four hit ko. without
his defense curls still we get through
the first two geodudes without any
self-destructs we're to the final
grapper rock throw doesn't do that much
he goes boom but we didn't care
oh that's ridiculous oh man this Weedle
he's far too powerful so now let's just
Spam the quick heal get straight into
the final fight and then we're on to
seladon city now fortunately Celadon
City is a place where we can start to
get access to Super potions which should
make our healing quite a bit faster as
we continue in this run of course we're
going to really want to get down to
fuchsia City and get hyper potions that
will really help but until then this is
a pretty good compromise now I'm not
going to use any money on vitamins in
this one because honestly I don't even
think we're going to need them we'll see
maybe if we get to Agatha and we hit a
wall we'll go for some vitamin strats
for now though I'm going to go more for
the convenience of not having to go back
to the Pokemon Center to heal so we can
keep using struggle strats and with that
I think we just make our way straight to
Erica because she's not going to be
super hard for this Pokémon we have a
four times resistance to grass and we're
only neutral really affected by poison
so I think this is going to be a pretty
easy fight but let's see how it actually
[Music]
goes so first up is tangala where
struggle is not that overpowered we did
like 29 damage there this is going to be
a three hit ko. without a crit and in
fact she even survives on 2 h so it took
four hits to get through that Pokemon
the weaping Bell out next though we get
a critical hit and we nearly one shot it
another crit takes it out after a super
potion and finally Gloom comes out it
goes pedal dance and we are going to
knock her out in three hits getting
through Erica on the first attempt at 39
minutes and 44 seconds and I took one
reset due to routing there but really
not anything too bad so we're yet again
just continuing basically on minimum
battles post Rock just because this
Pokémon is so completely overpowered
we've already made it to level 29 and
our stats are looking like a lot of
Pokémon at the end of the game in my
standard full game solo runs so I'm
really feeling good about this one let's
get into the rocket Hideout let's just
beat up on Team Rocket and progress in
the game so we're really doing quite
good at this point in the game but we
have to keep in mind as I always say in
these solo challenges all of this is the
easy part the challenge doesn't really
come in until we get to rival 5 and Koga
and Koga is going to be using super
effective moves against us so that might
be where we finally hit a wall but for
now I think we're just going to destroy
Team Rocket so let's just get to it now
I will grab PP ups but I'm generally
going to refrain from using them because
they would just make it harder to get
back to using struggle if we do have to
heal at some point I think the only
place where the pp UPS might actually be
important is when we get to Agatha
because without a PP up I don't think
we're going to get through her but now
it's just time for Jesse and James let's
see how they go now at our advanced
level against this coughing we one shot
with a critical hit struggle we get to
level 30 Meowth goes down in a single
hit ekins more of the same and we easily
get through that fight so now it's time
for Giovani himself where he's going to
face up against this little wasp larva
and he's going to get completely
destroyed I think rock throw is not that
strong against us we did get a CH one
miss with struggle though still we
managed to get through that Pokemon just
fine onto ryhorn where this is looking
like maybe a four hit Koo we get a nice
critical hit there so we knock it out in
three turns and against the Persian it's
a one- hitter we easily progress and get
to level 31 so even with minimal stat
experience we're sitting here with 168
in every stat of course attack and
defense also have badge boosts and 204
HP already in this run and now with the
sil scope in hand it's time to just go
to Lavender and take on Rival number
four where we're just going to keep
doing more of the same struggle strats
until we win so here rival for is going
to lead off with FOH it's going to be an
easy two hit ko. he heals with the
potion doesn't matter the Magnemite is a
one- hitter shelder gets almost one shot
he heals yet again the heals are kind of
bad because that means we're taking more
recoil damage out next is the sandrew we
one shot it and Eevee gets a one hit ko.
so we easily get through the Rival but
now we do actually have to go out and
heal because of the fact that we're
about to fight channelers who have Gast
Lees Gastly cannot be hit by struggle in
generation one because in this
generation for some reason they made
struggle a normal type move something
they realized and fixed in Gen 2 but
what that means is that we have to go
back to using poison sting which is four
times resisted in order to get through
these channelers let's see how much
damage we actually do of course Gastly
does not have great defense 22 defense
versus our
195 attack stat but that still means
with a critical hit we did less than
half damage to the Gastly with our first
poison sting so this turns out to be a 4
hit Koo on this Pokemon we're also
getting confused which could be bad if
we hit ourselves because we have really
high attack and Nightshade does do
decent damage but we are going to get
through these Traders just fine as long
as they don't have a move like psychic
that can easily knock out that's might
be foreshadowing for Agatha later in the
run now this is also a section where if
we stay close to minimum battles we have
to heal in the purified protected zone
so even if we could struggle we would
have had to heal right there anyway or
take an optional battle which I'll just
take the heal but fortunately we get
through all those Chandlers nice and
easy I'm going to avoid any heals here
I'm just going to Simply use potions to
recover my HP and we will try to get
back to struggle as quickly as possible
starting off with this ghost Marowak now
Marowak knows bone club tail whip head
button Lear I'm not sure it's going to
do a lot of damage though so I'm going
to at least spam the string shots here
just to see now it is doing decent
damage so I don't think I'm going to be
able to use all the string shots in a
single battle but that's perfectly fine
we simply want to get to the point where
we have fewer string shots when we try
to use them up later on now I'm getting
my defense pretty low though so I am
going to go in on some attacks here we
managed to poison ghost diama so we
easily get through that fight and now
it's time to move on to Jesse and James
at the end of the Pokemon Tower so here
yet again I'm just going to spam some of
my string shots because I don't think
we're going to have too much trouble
getting through this granted getting
growl could be bad so I'm actually going
to switch into attack there and knock
that Pokemon out out next is the Arbok
fortunately we do have a really high
crit rate so CR will ignore any stat
drops and we can easily get through that
Pokemon now on wheezing I'm going to use
up more string shots cuz while it can
use sludge sludge isn't going to do that
much damage and anything other than
sludge will be pretty weak here still I
reckon we should get this in basically a
one hit KO range so that we can pretty
easily knock it out on the next turn if
we do get on low HP and now I'm just
going to keep spamming the string shots
just to try to get back to using
struggle strats later on and now on low
Health I'll just simply knock this
Pokemon out and we have defeated Jesse
and James and we are ready to save Mr
Fuji now Mr Fuji of course helped to
create Mewtwo but now he's going to find
out that we actually have the perfect
Pokémon but with that whole section done
we now have to decide how to route in
this run and I'm actually going to go
ahead and go and try to fight against
our rival number five my Logic for this
is pretty simple koga's gym is filled
with psychic type Pokémon and even the
gym leader himself uses smart Ai and is
just going to spam psychic moves against
us over and over and over again that
might not be good even with our amazing
stats whereas against the Rival most of
his team isn't going to be using psychic
type moves or super effective moves and
I think we'll be able to get through
them much easier unfortunately against
the one required trainer here I was able
to use up most of my PP and I just used
a paralyzed heal because he used glare
on me so yeah it wasn't really that hard
and now we're ready to go and try to
take on our rival and after after one
reset due to a routing mistake we are
here and ready to go against our rival
let's see how this goes so here rival 5
attempt number one we've got two poison
stings left over of course they're
resisted by the sand slash but now we
can use struggle and we did pretty good
damage there it's a two hit K.O after we
actually get to this move now Closter is
really defensive and it goes clamp but
struggle looks to be a three hit or four
hit KO on this Pokemon depending on our
ranges here however we can kind of see a
problem we're running out of HP pretty
darn quickly just because this team is
so bulky so we actually knock ourselves
out at the same time we knock out the
Kadabra so we clearly need to come into
this fight with a little more PP than
what we've got fortunately I have a
couple ethers in the bag so I'm just
going to spam an ether on poison sting
let's see if that allows us to maybe get
through the first sand slash and move on
from there but trying to go poison sting
on the sand slash is much much worse we
get through with very little HP
remaining and while poison sting is kind
of meh against Cloister we're just not
going to have enough HP to get through
all of these Pokemon from here with
struggle strats so I think we're going
to have to go down to koga's gym instead
if we're going to stay on anything close
to minimum battles now koga's team does
include weaker Pokemon and of course
they have less HP because he leads off
with three venats and of course the
trainers in koga's gym as well are going
to have less HP because they're using
psychic type Pokémon so we might be
strong enough where maybe just maybe
struggle is enough to just onot these
Pokémon let's find out so the first
juggler comes out he has three drowsies
and a Kadabra and here we can see the
poison sting itself is just doing plenty
of damage here so we easily get through
the first two drowsies Kadabra comes out
we one- shot it with a critical hit
poison sting even and now we twoot the
last drowsy with poison sting so no
problems there let's go take on the next
juggler who has one drowsy and one Hypno
so here against this Pokemon we've still
got four PP in Poison sting we twoot the
first drowsy here it looks like we're
not going to be able to twoot this Hypno
so we go into struggle but we easily get
through and get to level 35 and after a
quick heal it's time to just see if we
can manage to get through Koga I think
there might be a chance that his AI will
cause him to use toxic sometimes because
he might be thinking that Poison's super
effective against Bug let's just see
because gen one AI when it comes to type
Effectiveness is really weird maybe we
can get that luck and that could buy us
some free
[Music]
turns so Koga attempt number one here
struggled it about half to the first
venonat then it uses psychic and gets a
special drop so we're going to take more
damage for the rest of this fight but we
did knock it out in two hits the next
venat is also going to be a two-hitter
but it does go down third venonat yet
again we're going to need two hits to
knock it out and psychic is too much we
simply go down let's try this again
though cuz I do want to see if toxic is
possible or if him using an X attack
might give us a chance and that stat
drop was kind of unlucky there so second
attempt he ex attacks the first venonat
so we knock it out in two hits we now
struggle and he X attacks on the second
venonat so that's another two hit K.O
third venonat he once again uses the X
attack but this is looking like a threeh
hitter just due to its higher level and
the venomoth is looking like a four hit
ko. so we're simply not going to get
through this fight with struggle strats
either so while we do have rare candies
in the bag this might be the point where
we simply can't progress with our
current move set I will go back and test
rival number five one more time though
because we have gained a couple levels
maybe just maybe it's enough to make an
impact so we lost the first attempt but
we did get an attack drop due to an
aurora beam and we had our accuracy drop
so we were taking a lot of hits let's
see if we can get through maybe with a
better range on that first sand slash so
this time we get back to Kadabra but we
simply couldn't hit so we knock
ourselves out again because just too
much damage from his Pokémon but I think
this might be possible if we could just
get better damage ranges hopefully
opponent's not using strong moves maybe
we manage to get some crits here so that
doesn't seem to be working but it does
kind of make me wonder if we simply use
some rare candies here would we be able
to get through this fight at this point
so I'm going to try it I'm going to try
going for five rare candies right here
in the middle game on the basis that
maybe just maybe we get enough HP plus
boosts to our other stats that we
suddenly are survivable here cuz that
took us up to have having 261 HP so
let's just try it so here the sand slash
is a pure three hit Koo without Critical
Hits now and with a single crit we can
struggle down that Cloister no problem
we get a twoot on the Magneton we one
shot Kadabra we level up to level 41 and
we just missed on the Flareon so we
didn't get to see the range but let's
try this one again so this time we get
to the Magneton still with pretty good
health we managed to knock it out
Kadabra is still just a one hit Koo we
level up Flareon critical hit one shot
and we survive with 5 HP remaining so by
using the rare candies we can in fact
beat rival number five with struggle
strats and that means we can move on in
this challenge I'm not sure if that
strategy is going to come back to bite
us later on probably will but still I'll
take the victory for right now with that
we can just fight Jesse and James I
don't think they're going to be trouble
so let's get straight to Giovani so
Giovani 2 we're just going to lead off
with struggle on his Nino it's a two-
hitter out next is the Persian we are
going to get another two hit ko. right
there rehorn is going to be pretty
defensive but we're should be able to
get through this one pretty quickly it
looks like a four hitter after one crit
and finally the needle Queen does not
resist struggle so we easily knock it
out in two hits so just like that we
have managed to get through Giovani and
that means that silco is now done we can
pick up all the items in here just so
that we can buy more potions and whatnot
as we go into the next section but now I
think we're going to go and take on
Sabrina because she has only three
Pokemon on her team and in Pokemon
yellow she does not use Smart AI So in
theory at least she's easier than going
to fight against Kaa let's see if it
actually works out though because a
critical hit psychic from an Alakazam
might still be too strong for us
so Sabrina first attempt we struggle
before she can even flash us there out
comes the Kadabra it's another one hit
KO Alakazam gets below half Health from
the first struggle but then it X defense
still it wasn't enough and we easily
destroy Sabrina on the first attempt
after an hour in 9 minutes we've managed
to beat five gems we've taken 20 resets
at this point and my optional battles
popped off real quick there I've fixed
the optional battles so we can see the
proper score is 97 at this point but
still really not too bad we're like a
super high s tier Pokemon at this point
according to my scoring system but now
if we're going to stay on anything close
to minimum battles we have no choice we
have to take on Koga here because he's
the only required trainer that's still
available to us so I want to see if I
can beat the game without any more
optional battles let's just test it out
against Koga round two so here we're now
doing well over half to the first
venonat and we knock it out in two hits
the second venonat does manage to use
psychic on us but we do knock it out a
critical hit nearly one shot the third
venat so it goes down the next turn
venomoth is out now struggle Critical
Hits he X attacks and we struggle again
and survive with one 1 HP so at level 43
we're like perfect for being able to get
through Kaa so an hour and 10 minutes no
additional resets or battles we beat
Koga so those five rare candies did in
fact make a big difference on these
battles we can see we just barely have
enough HP to get through these fights
but it is now working we get the badge
boost in speed not that it matters cuz
we're already faster than literally
every Pokémon in the game from this
point onward but still it's nice to have
knowing that we will never struggle to
outspeed an opponent so with that being
done we now just have to make our way
down to Blaine theoretically he's a
tough fight because he's a fire type gym
leader but he doesn't use Smart Ai and
we have amazing special so he might not
actually do that much damage to us and
he's only got three Pokémon so it's not
like struggle strats will be too bad
there so as we come here and answer to
the question about tomb Stoner I think
this might be the first Pokemon ever
where we don't want that move I think
struggle's going to be enough but let's
find out if that is in fact the
[Music]
case so Blain attempt number one here
we're going to outspeed the Ninetales
but struggle didn't do as much as I
expected little less than half with a
critical hit we might be able to twoot
this Pokémon though in instead it's a
three hit KO out next is the rapid Dash
we get the crit right there it misses
fire spin so it's an easy two hitter
arcanine's out next we really didn't do
that much damage here this is looking
like maybe a 4 hit ko. flamethrower did
massive damage though and burned us we
managed to get the crit but then go down
to the burn so we clearly are going to
need some crits to get through this
fight so back again for round two we get
get a crit turn one on the Ninetails and
then it crits us with a flame thrower
very very bad luck there meaning that
while we do twoot the rapid Dash we are
not going to have enough HP left to take
down the Arcanine so even with two hits
there we simply go down so I think we
can't take any really strong moves from
our opponents we get a really good range
on the first nine Tales this time and
then we get fire spun by the rapid Dash
but we get the two hit ko. and this time
we do have enough HP if we just don't
get a strong move from this Arcanine we
should be able to get through we crit
turn one and we crit turn two it barely
survives but then knocks itself out with
takedown so just like that we do manage
to get through in an hour 18 minutes so
it took a couple of resets there but
Blaine was in fact possible to beat
without any additional battles and now
at level 45 we are ready to go and take
on Giovani now when I did this run
previously with a normal Weedle at level
100 with maxed out stat experience I
still could not beat Giovani with a
Weedle without items this was the point
where I had to start using X items and
healing items in battle to have any shot
of progressing but this is godal
4269 he has the powers that no other
Weedle has had before he might be the
very best like no one ever was still we
can even see on this ryhorn that
struggles not doing a lot of damage so
we are probably going to need some czy
luck in this one still we have no choice
but to try it so let's try Giovani
attempt number
[Music]
one so first up he has his Doug Trio a
single struggle does One-Shot that
Pokemon with a crit out next is Persian
this Pokemon he guard specs so we get
the easy to hit ch needle Queen's out
next it's going for tail whip against us
because I think it thinks its other
moves are resisted I mean I guess
Thunder would be neutrally effective but
not earthquake or double kick okay so
that's perfectly fine here we get a
guard spec from the Needle King and
managed to knock it out the problem is
we don't have any HP left for the Rydon
so we can't come in here with pure
struggle strats because this Pokemon is
going to be able to knock us out so
we're back to the drawing board here we
are going to need to come into this
fight with a least a certain number of
poison stings to make this work the
question is how many we do have some PP
restoration items in the bag like this
ether so let's just try that and see if
maybe coming in with some poison stings
at the beginning is enough to get
through so back again with poison sting
a critical hit did about a quarter there
on the first Doug Trio he uses dig
against us which also crits and gets a
really good damage and he then goes for
sand attack on us really not good we do
manage to knock that Pokemon out and now
poison Sting's going to be a little bit
stronger against the Persian but because
of the accuracy drop we're also taking a
lot of damage here back to needle Queen
it goes Thunder this time and paralyzes
us not what we wanted to see so we're
probably not winning this attempt now if
we do get fissure if we do get sand
attack we should do much better against
this Doug Trio so let's just see if we
can get that sort of luck so this time
we get more fissures there we don't get
any accuracy drops so now we can more
quickly knock out the Persian though we
did end up using up all of our PP and it
screeched us multiple times so now on
needle Queen we get through that one
with no damage and we get through needid
King with no damage we level up we have
76 HP and 76 HP is just not going to be
enough to get through Ry on even if it
doesn't hit us we take 50% recoil when
we use struggle later Jens change that
to much less but here in this case he
has 189 HP so we need about 95 HP left
in order to be able to struggle this
right on down even without it hitting us
with rock slide so that's clearly not
enough to work so we might just have to
come in with full PP in the move poison
sting and see how it goes know the logic
here is pretty simple if we could poison
that right on we might have a chance to
get through it now the problem with
poison sting is that it's four times
resisted by neidle queen neidle king and
Ryon so it's not going to do great
damage here that first poison sting did
nine damage to this needle Queen now if
it uses tail whip that will give us
badge boosts and attack which could help
our ranges here but at the same time
Thunder is doing a lot of damage and the
problem here is that when we get
Critical Hits we actually are negating
our badge boosts in attack when we use
poison stings so we're actually doing
less damage to our opponents so we don't
even have the ability to get through the
neoc king with poison Sting still on so
at this point we would have to use up
all of the pp and String Shot I'm pretty
sure it's going to knock us out before
that happens so unfortunately going in
with poison sting also simply doesn't
work and unlike the earlier run where we
were at least dealing good damage with
struggle here against giovan's rideon
struggle isn't doing that much it's not
like it was a one or two hit KO there we
needed to struggle like five or six
times in order to get that Pokemon down
so I think we finally hit the point
where we do in fact have to take
optional battles in order to try to
progress in this one so I'm going to put
all of my other Pokémon into the PC here
because the most efficient level
grinding at least in terms of the number
of battles that we're going to take is
actually just to fight Giovani over and
over again he gives really good
experience far better than basically any
Rando trainer that we're going to find
given that his Pokémon are at such high
levels so let's test this out let's see
if we can make it work how many battles
does it actually take to beat Giovani
now you might be asking why don't you
just go slam a bunch of vitamins for
people who are new here I basically
never use vitamins in my runs it's in
the rules down below Meo 2 was kind of
an exception because that was a cure
stat Experience run but for this one we
are trying to run more based on our base
stats than stat experience so I'm going
to just try to battle instead to get
levels for this but the other reason of
course is because damage calculations as
well as our stats are partially based on
our level so as we gain more levels our
stats will increase as well as the
damage that we deal to our opponents and
that level based damage will still
calculate into our critical hit
so we kind of want to use this strategy
now if I do find a situation where I can
manage to get through the neoc king I
may come back and try to do this with
struggle strats simply because of the
fact that at that point we would be
better off trying to struggle down the
Ryon so now at level 50 I want to use up
all my PP on a single Metapod and so now
at level 50 I decided to use up all of
my String Shot PP against a random wild
Metapod and the goal is to come back
here now to Giovani and see if we're now
able to defeat him we typically get to
the point of using up all of our PP in
Poison sting on the neid king so if we
can just manage to have enough HP there
we might be able to struggle him down
here we still easily get through the
Doug Trio we managed to poison Persian
this time it does get a critical hit
Splash on us but we gets through still
with pretty decent HP now neid Queen is
the real grind we just don't have any
way to get through this any faster with
all of this PP still in Poison sting
this is why I've avoided using PP UPS on
this move because I really don't want to
have more PP than I already have still
we managed to get through still on green
Health we're to the need King where I
still have 10 PP to use up in Poison
sting we get paralyzed but we should
still manage to outspeed the final
rideon just because we have such a
massive speed stat that even when you
cut it into four it's still pretty darn
good and here we finally can struggle so
we knock out that neoc King we still
have 146 HP here against the Rydon but
it's rock slide completely destroyed us
cuz we're on minus 6 defense so now at
level 60 let's try this one even again
and of course we get a sand attack and
that's going to pretty much end this one
still we can see that struggle is doing
pretty decent damage when it does hit
but we're just going to have to restart
because we're running out of HP once we
get through with a slightly better setup
we do have one defense drop but we
easily get through Needle King and
needle Queen we're onto the Ron at level
61 still with 235 HP rock slide does do
a lot of damage we probably need at
least a guard spec here but this one
might be possible here back again with
still decent HP but we did get one
screech in this one and it just turns
out not to be enough finally did the
rhon with no defense drops so we really
just need it to guard spec like that
rock slide dis decent damage but we do
finally manage to get through at level
61 so getting to the final rideon at
level 61 with this God tier Weedle was
what it took in order to actually beat
Giovani Giovani is just such a beast
against this Pokemon took two hours to
get through that we added a ton of
optional battles and a ton of resets but
the real story of all this is that we
can see the split since we got through
Blaine it took nearly 50 minutes to be
able to get through Giovani of real time
and I'm playing with speedups sometimes
when I'm just grinding I'm even using my
turbo button here so this is not good
but we did manage to get through we can
now heal with items of course and just
use struggle for a while cuz we don't
need to really go poison sting strats
again until we get to Agatha that being
said we might not have enough HP to get
through rival 6 he has six Pokémon but
let's try it so here against the sand
slash this appears to be just a simple
two hit ko. we easily get through
against execute we one- shot it with a
critical hit Closter is of course super
bulky goes for withdraw but this is
going to be a three hit ko. the Magneton
gets an easy one hitter Kadabra doesn't
have much defense so it goes down nicely
and out comes the Flareon it goes for
flamethrower and we're going to knock
ourselves out because of recoil if we
didn't get the flamethrower there I
think we would have gotten through this
time we do get the critical hit on the
Flareon knock it out in one shot and we
still had 9 HP remaining so just like
that we did manage to beat our rival and
it's onto the Elite 4 now the real wall
that remains in front of us is Agatha of
course Agatha is the one trainer against
whom we cannot go struggle strats so
we're going to have to go into that
fight with PP in the move poison sting
we might even have to use PP UPS there
I'm not sure but that could be the point
where this run becomes completely
terrible the real reason why Agatha and
Giovani are so bad though is because so
many of their Pokémon can't be poisoned
if we could poison these opponents then
in theory at least we could get through
with fewer turns and less luck but
there's just simply nothing to do when
you actually have to damage them with
poison sting in order to win the fight
so I'm not very confident going into
Agatha and that might be the spot where
we simply have to slam all the rare
candies and it still might not be enough
we might end up having to level grind
against the elite 4 over and over but
still we will at least try it because
hey we've got to try to beat the game at
as low a level as possible we're aiming
to beat the game at lower than level 92
earlier in the run I was feeling really
confident about that but now I'm kind of
worried because we had to gain so many
levels just to beat Giovani and he only
had three Pokemon that were four times
resistant to poison sting and we could
at least struggle on those Pokemon in
order to avoid having to use that move
so Agatha could be potentially
completely terrible here we'll just kind
of have to see still I do think that
we'll be able to make our way through
laurelai pretty easily Bruno shouldn't
be terrible Lance once we get to him
will only resist us with Aerodactyl even
if we're going poison sting strats and
then it's just a question of whether or
not we have enough to get through the
champion now because we don't know how
much we're going to have to grind here
I'm going to put all my other Pokemon
into the PC and then just quickly heal
up with a Max potion and let's just see
if we can manage to get through lorai
get through Bruno and at least make our
way to Agatha for the first time
[Music]
so laurelai attempt number one here
we're just going struggle strats she
rests with her dong but this is still
looking to be a two hit K.O on that
Pokemon Closter comes out next this
one's looking like a three hitter
without a crit still we do knock it out
out next is the slow bro and the real
problem here is that she's just super
bulky we knock it out though Jinx comes
out and it's an easy one hitter we just
don't have enough HP P to knock out the
Lapras so we are going to have to have
some PP in our attacking Moves In order
to get through this one the question is
can we get through with all the pp in
Poison sting I'm going to try it let's
just see if poison sting is enough so
the logic here is that at least with
poison sting we are reasonably
survivable we have a high critical hit
chance we're going to do a lot of damage
so we get through the first dong with no
damage taken and here move like Ice Beam
really didn't do that much to us so as
long as we don't get Frozen we're
probably fine at least against the cloy
here now it does confuse us which is
kind of bad but we do manage to get
through we're on to slowo which does
know Amnesia and psychic so we've got to
be careful but it's a three hitter there
poison sting does really good damage
here against Jinx cuz it has low defense
and now against the Lapras it goes
blizzard and freezes us so that
guarantees that we lose this attempt but
still it's looking like we can get
through using poison sting in this fight
so I'm simply going to save the game
here and try this again so back to
Lapras on the next attempt it paralyzes
us with body slam but at least that
means we can't be frozen so we easily
get through on the second attempt so now
at level 63 we're ready to go take on
Bruno I'm going to just go ahead and
heal up here I'm not going to worry
about the full restore I only have one
of them in the bag but I don't think I'm
going to be dealing with that much
status so I think this is okay let's go
ahead and try
[Music]
him so here against Bruno I'm just going
to go for the poison stings he digs with
Onyx so he's just kind of trolling us
taking his time he does know rock slide
but Onyx doesn't have a good attack stat
so we're not too worried about that and
here we do manage to knock that Pokemon
out out next comes the hitmon Chan it
appears to be a two hit ko. here so we
easily get through it hitmon leaves next
it's going for high jump kick but that
does nothing to a Weedle and now we
poison the second Onyx so while we're
running low on PP the fact that we have
poison on this Pokemon I think will be
enough to get through here so finally
the Machamp comes out this is looking
like a two hitter and we missed the turn
because of paralysis so he knocks us out
on the first attemp attempt next attempt
we're back to the Machamp and this time
we have enough HP to struggle it down so
we did manage to beat Bruno wasn't
perfectly consistent but we did get the
job done now however we have to recover
all of our PP because we have to be able
to get through Agatha this could be
rough I'm going to try this and see if
it doesn't work if we run out of pp
We'll add on PP UPS here but otherwise
we may just end up slamming our rare
candies or coming back after grinding a
ton of levels here let's just
[Music]
see now the one thing we have going for
us is that Gengar does not have great
defense and we do have a massive massive
389 attack stat still we did like 13
damage here so this is going to be at
least an 11 hit Koo normally to get
through and she substitutes now if she
swaps to gbat that's actually kind of
good for us cuz she's not going to be
able to recover that HP still you add on
that we get confused a lot in this fight
so we end up hitting ourselves that's
part of what makes this one so tough so
we knock out the gbat there we're back
to the Gengar it paralyzes us that's
going to protect us from sleep later on
so I'm not actually too worried about
that and this first Gengar fortunately
doesn't know the move psychic so we're
going to survive pretty well here A Move
Like Mega drain literally does one
damage the other concern of course is
the fact that Agatha does have super
potions to use on her Pokemon though and
because of those super potions we're not
going to have enough PP to get through
this so I think we're going to have to
now use the pp UPS in order to make this
fight work so I'm just going to slam
three PP UPS into poison and let's see
if this is now enough with three PP UPS
we're up to having 56 PP in this move so
this time we do knock out the first
Gengar we're onto gbat already paralyzed
nothing to do about that but we do knock
gbat out as well as we get to level 64
she swaps to Arbok which is perfectly
fine by me and here fortunately poison
sting does knock that one out she can't
dream eater with this Haunter which is
very nice but we have taken a bunch of
Defense drops from that Arbok and that
is leading to us doing massive damage
when we hit ourselves in confusion and
then she psychics us down so this is
clearly going to be at least very luck
based at this level I'm still going to
grind it out a few more times just to
see if I can get the luck but otherwise
we may have to start adding on more
levels now one of the best things that
she can do for us is to actually swap
between her Pokémon after using
substitute when she does that of course
it means that she can't heal the damage
so we easily knock that Pokemon out so
this time we managed to make it all the
way to the final Gengar with no defense
drops and it can use Dream Eater while
we're awake hypnosis can't hit us so
it's only psychic and confus Ray that
we're actually worried about here
granted it psychic does a lot of damage
it's only one and four to use that move
though still it uses it this time and we
go down so I'm starting to think that we
probably need to grind out more levels
in order to get through this one we can
try the rare candies here though let's
just see if that's enough so I have six
rare candies in the bag I'm simply going
to slam them all and get to level 69 the
nicest level for God
4269 let's just see if it is enough so
if nothing else level 69 did give us a
lot more HP and a lot more in all of our
stats so hopefully that translates into
more survivability here so here we do
manage to get to the final Gengar and we
are doing about 20 damage per hit with
our poison sting so at that range this
would be about an 8it KO and we just hit
ourselves in confusion and knock
ourselves out but we got really close
there so it's clearly possible just not
likely to get through this fight one
attempt later though we manage to get to
the final Gengar with no defense drops
so this is basically the best shot that
we've had at this one because we won't
do as much damage to ourselves when we
hit ourselves in confusion so now we
just have to land the hits here we're
getting some nice crits here we're
getting very very close one more hit
would have gotten it without her healing
and she goes for dream meter while we're
awake we're confused but then we manage
to hit her so finally it's taking a
small eternity but we do manage to beat
Agatha at level 69 so that was rough
we're going to have to heal up here and
I don't have any full restores in the
bag so we're going to have to stay
paralyzed apparently but uh Hey we've
made it this far I'm just going to go
ahead and recover my PP at this point I
think we're just going poison Sting the
whole way let's see if this is enough to
get through Lance
[Music]
so Lancy boy attempt number one here
hydropump did decent damage but it's not
that bad poison sting is doing a lot to
Gyarados so we managed to knock it out
in three hits here the dragon air
appears to be a two hitter didn't do
that much with hyperbeam so I'm not too
worried about it now we do get wrapped
by the dragon air but we're still faster
even with the paralysis which is kind of
hilarious honestly so we knock that
Pokémon out we get to level 70
Aerodactyl is faster than us and it has
super effective flying type moves but
here we do poison it and it's not doing
that much we knock it out we still have
194 HP on the final Dragonite fire blast
is doing a lot of damage here though so
clearly we just needed a couple more
turns where we did move and we would
have been able to knock that Dragonite
out so I do think this is possible even
though we're paralyzed here this time we
poison Dragonite and we managed to land
the final hit so we do knock it out took
a few attempts there really not nearly
as bad as Agatha to get through Lance
even though we were still paralyzed but
now we have to defeat the champion and
this is where this all could just go
completely off the rails so I am going
to recover PP here of course and we just
have to see if this is somehow enough
here at level 70 we don't have any rare
candies in the bag so if we fail here
we're just going to have to go back
through the entire Elite 4 again
[Music]
so Champion attempt number one let's see
how we do against this hand slash here
we did about 29 damage with the critical
hit there so this one is not going to go
down quick we can poison it though and
that should be enough to allow us to get
through this it's not like it slashes
are doing that much damage out next is
Alakazam it lowers our accuracy twice
and then goes for psychic and gets a
critical hit that is not what we wanted
to see now we have no accuracy and we're
paralyzed so we're definitely just not
getting through that one so next attempt
back at Alakazam it goes for sbeam this
time instead which does decent damage
but it's just a two hit ko. with poison
sting now exeggutor we nearly one shot
with a crit it's a two hitter the
Magneton gets poisoned and is also
looking like a two hit Koo very nice we
get to level 71 on cloer WE poison it as
it goes for clamp so at least is taking
some damage each turn and I think we
need a crit here we don't get it but
still we do manage to get through
flareon's Outlast it goes reflect
against us we poison it flamethrower
didn't do enough and we managed to beat
the champion in 2 hours and 40 minutes
so it wasn't Perfect by any means but
still with god tier stats a Weedle does
beat the game at a lower level than a
zerob base stat total Mewtwo does so
this is the first situation that we've
seen where move set did not completely
try
stats higher stats does allow you to
beat the game faster with this Pokemon
in spite of the fact that it has no
moves and it beats the game at a lower
level than a zerob based stats Pokemon
kind of makes sense but still there are
a lot of spots where I think psychic was
just as strong as our poison sting
effectively and yet poison sting carried
the day so honestly that was ridiculous
and I would be asking why if I was the
Rival too because how could you lose to
a we weed even a god tier Weedle it's
still a Weedle at the end of the day we
ended up with stats hovering around
438 slightly more speed slightly less
special but really not too bad with that
we will register God
4269 into the Hall of Fame and uh
yeah that was pretty cool that was fun
but now I have one last burning question
which is can we beat Professor Oak with
this Pokémon you know let's just up the
challenge a little bit from the champion
so we end up right back here in Pallet
Town I'm going to ask Mom to heal me up
and I'm going to go fight Professor Oak
now so Professor Oak here he leads off
with Tauros we take almost no damage
from its takedown it goes rage now we're
easily going to knock that Pokemon out
out next is exeggutor this is not going
to be too hard but he does put us to
sleep fortunately he doesn't know any
really good moves so it's just a two-hit
KO there Arcanine is out next its only
super effective move is Ember so we
should get through this one just fine
and sure enough we do we even poison it
we get to level 72 as Venusaur comes out
it's going for solar beam we're not too
worried about that move we're easily
going to knock it out and Gyarados comes
out this level 70 Gyarados just never
has a chance against the legend that is
godal or oh no I renamed him
godl sorry I'm gonna fix my name here
there we go god
42069 let's just fight the other
Professor Oaks let's see how many
Professor Oaks we can beat with our god
tier little Weedle so here once again
he's got the Tauros we're easily going
to knock it out exeggutor comes out next
get the easy to hitter Arcanine is out
he's going for his Ember strats but we
did Poison this Pokemon and we get a
nice crit very nice knock it out right
there we get to level 73 Charizard is
out with the flamethrower and the fire
spin we get a nice crit but then he
crits us back so we go down I didn't go
into that fight with a heal though so
let's go ahead and get that heal on and
now try to beat him once again so let's
try this one again we easily get through
Tauros once again get put to sleep by
exeggutor not what we wanted to see
still we will manage to knock it out the
Arcanine once again only knows Ember so
we're not too worried about that easily
knock that one out Charizard this time
we get a nice crit he is fire spinning
us but another good crit and we knock
that one out finally Gyarados it did a
lot of damage there and it knocks us out
with a dragon rage so we are pretty
clearly going to have to heal here we
can't go two Oaks in a row but that's
okay this is by far in a way the
toughest Oak for this little Weedle and
even still we're going to completely
destroy him now we do get burned this
time but fortunately Critical Hits will
ignore the stat drop so we just need a
crit here and we can manage to get
through through this one eventually
though we are burned and in fire spin no
oh that's terrible so we actually go
down even from full health this
Professor Oak is far too powerful so
once again back to gados it goes for the
hyperbeam and that basically guarantees
the win not a super consistent fight
there against that Professor Oak though
when he has a Charizard so there is one
Professor Oak left of course it is the
Blastoise team Professor Oak I think
we're going to destroy him so let's just
go for it let's make it a perfect for
three Sweep with our god tier little
Weedle so of course the first three
Pokemon never change we easily get
through them now out comes Blastoise we
poison it misses the hydr pump it bites
us does not matter the hydr pump wasn't
even that strong we get to level 74 as
we get to the final Gyarados and here it
can Dragon rage all that it wants we get
the easy Victory and just like that
godal
42069 has defeated not only the entire
game but even three Professor
Oaks so this Pokemon far too powerful
and finishing the game at level 74
definitely an impressive performance
given that we had only effectively one
attacking move plus struggle for the
entire run anyway tell me what you guys
think about this clearly it shows just
how bad a Weedle is but at the same time
how good it could be if it had perfect
stats I had a lot of fun playing playing
it I hope you had fun watching it thanks
to everybody for hanging out with me
I'll see you in the next one later
[Music]